[DOC] update coreml new opretors and flags (#22958)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/execution-providers/CoreML-ExecutionProvider.md

The CoreML EP must be explicitly registered when creating the inference session. For example:

```C++
Ort::Env env = Ort::Env{ORT_LOGGING_LEVEL_ERROR, "Default"};
Ort::SessionOptions so;
std::unordered_map<std::string, std::string> provider_options;

> provider_options["ModelFormat"]  = std::to_string("MLProgram");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provider_options["ModelFormat"] = std::to_string("MLProgram");
```

Ort::Session session(env, model_path, so);
```

## Configuration Options (NEW API)

There are several run time options available for the CoreML EP.

To use the CoreML EP run time options, create an unsigned integer representing the options, and set each individual option by using the bitwise OR operator.

> ProviderOptions can be set by passing string to the `AppendExecutionProvider` method.

Reviewer: Given we have the code to populate the options, can we add the couple of extra lines to include the call to AppendExecutionProvider?

Author: Sure.

`SpecializationStrategy`:  This feature is available since macOS>=10.15 or iOS>=18.0. This process can affect the model loading time and the prediction latency. Use this option to tailor the specialization strategy for your model. Navigate to [Apple Doc](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml/mloptimizationhints-swift.struct/specializationstrategy-swift.property) for more information. Can be one of the following values: (`Default` by default )
- `Default`:
- `FastPrediction`:

`ProfileComputePlan`:Profile the Core ML MLComputePlan. This logs the hardware each operator is dispatched to and the estimated execution time. Intended for developer usage but provides useful diagnostic information if performance is not as expected. can be one of the following values: (`0` by default )
- `0`: Disable profile.
- `1`: Enable profile.

`AllowLowPrecisionAccumulationOnGPU`: please refer to [Apple Doc](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml/mlmodelconfiguration/allowlowprecisionaccumulationongpu).  can be one of the following values: (`0` by default )
- `0`: Use float32 data type to accumulate data. 
- `1`: Use low precision data(float16) to accumulate data.

> `ModelCachePath`: The path to the directory where the Core ML model cache is stored. CoreML EP will compile the captured subgraph to CoreML format graph and saved to disk.
> For the same model, if caching is not enabled, CoreML EP will do the compiling and saving to disk every time, this may cost some time(even minutes) for complicated model. By passing a cache path and a model hash (which is different for different model), CoreML format model can be reused.(Cache disbled by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ModelCachePath`: The path to the directory where the Core ML model cache is stored. CoreML EP will compile the captured subgraph to CoreML format graph and saved to disk.
For the given model, if caching is not enabled, CoreML EP will compile and save to disk every time, which may cost significant time (even minutes) for a complicated model. By providing a cache path the CoreML format model can be reused. (Cache disbled by default).
```

- `""` : Disable cache. (empty string by default)
- `"/path/to/cache"` : Enable cache. (path to cache directory, will be created if not exist)

> The model hash is very sensitive and important to a specific model, if the model content is changed, the hash will be changed, and the cache will be invalid. If user didn't provide a model hash, CoreML EP will calculate the hash based on the model Path, and use it as the model hash. Please attention that the model hash calculated by CoreML EP is not reliable if model path is not find or even user used a same model path for different model. In such case, even the model is changed, the cache will be reused, this will produce totally wrong results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cached information for the model is stored under a model hash in the cache directory. There are three ways the hash may be calculated, in order of preference.

1. Read from the model metadata_props. This provides the user a way to directly control the hash, and is the recommended usage. The value must only contain alphanumeric characters. 
2. Hash of the model url the inference session was created with.
3. Hash of the graph inputs and node outputs if the inference session was created with in memory bytes (i.e. there was no model path). 

It is critical that if the model changes either the hash value must change, or you must clear out the previous cache information. e.g. if the model url is being used for the hash (option 2 above) the updated model must be loaded from a different path to change the hash value. 

ONNX Runtime does NOT have a mechanism to track model changes and does not delete the cache entries.
```

Here is an example of how to fill model hash in metadata of model:
```python
import onnx
import hashlib

def hash_file(file_path, algorithm='sha256', chunk_size=8192):
    hash_func = hashlib.new(algorithm)
    with open(file_path, 'rb') as file:
        while chunk := file.read(chunk_size):
            hash_func.update(chunk)
    return hash_func.hexdigest()

CACHE_KEY_NAME = "CACHE_KEY"
model_path = "/a/b/c/model.onnx"
m = onnx.load(model_path)

cache_key = m.metadata_props.add()
cache_key.key = CACHE_KEY_NAME
cache_key.value = str(hash_file(model_path))

> for entry in m.metadata_props:
>     print(entry) # to verify the metadata

Reviewer: nit: keep the example to the minimum. we know it works so shouldn't need verification code here.
```suggestion
```

Ort::Session session(env, model_path, so);
```

## Configuration Options (NEW API)

There are several run time options available for the CoreML EP.

To use the CoreML EP run time options, create an unsigned integer representing the options, and set each individual option by using the bitwise OR operator.

ProviderOptions can be set by passing the unsigned integer to the `AppendExecutionProvider` method.
```c++
std::unordered_map<std::string, std::string> provider_options;
provider_options["ModelFormat"] = std::to_string("MLProgram");
provider_options["MLComputeUnits"] = std::to_string("ALL");
provider_options["RequireStaticInputShapes"] = std::to_string("0");
provider_options["EnableOnSubgraphs"] = std::to_string("0");
```

Python inference example code to use the CoreML EP run time options:
```python
import onnxruntime as ort
model_path = "model.onnx"
providers = [
    ('CoreMLExecutionProvider', {
        "ModelFormat": "MLProgram", "MLComputeUnits": "ALL", 
        "RequireStaticInputShapes": "0", "EnableOnSubgraphs": "0"
    }),
]

session = ort.InferenceSession(model_path, providers=providers)
outputs = ort_sess.run(None, input_feed)
```

> ### Available Options (New API)

Reviewer: nit: can we list the defaults for all options so a user doesn't feel the need to specify everything manually?

Author: Sounds good.

`ModelFormat` can be one of the following values:
- `MLProgram`: Create an MLProgram format model. Requires Core ML 5 or later (iOS 15+ or macOS 12+).
- `NeuralNetwork`: Create a NeuralNetwork format model. Requires Core ML 3 or later (iOS 13+ or macOS 10.15+).

`MLComputeUnits` can be one of the following values:
- `CPUOnly`: Limit CoreML to running on CPU only.
- `CPUAndNeuralEngine`: Enable CoreML EP for Apple devices with a compatible Apple Neural Engine (ANE).
- `CPUAndGPU`: Enable CoreML EP for Apple devices with a compatible GPU.
- `ALL`: Enable CoreML EP for all compatible Apple devices.

`RequireStaticInputShapes` can be one of the following values:

> - `0`: Allow the CoreML EP to take nodes with inputs that have dynamic shapes.

Reviewer: nit: would be good to note that performance may be affected. could maybe copy text from the COREML_FLAG_ONLY_ALLOW_STATIC_INPUT_SHAPES description.

Author: Sure.

Ort::Session session(env, model_path, so);
```

## Configuration Options (NEW API)

There are several run time options available for the CoreML EP.

To use the CoreML EP run time options, create an unsigned integer representing the options, and set each individual option by using the bitwise OR operator.

> ProviderOptions can be set by passing the unsigned integer to the `AppendExecutionProvider` method.

Reviewer: Where does an unsigned integer come into play?

- `CPUAndGPU`: Enable CoreML EP for Apple devices with a compatible GPU.
- `ALL`: Enable CoreML EP for all compatible Apple devices.

`RequireStaticInputShapes` can be one of the following values: (`0` by default )

Only allow the CoreML EP to take nodes with inputs that have static shapes.
By default the CoreML EP will also allow inputs with dynamic shapes, however performance may be negatively impacted by inputs with dynamic shapes.

- `0`: Allow the CoreML EP to take nodes with inputs that have dynamic shapes.
- `1`: Only allow the CoreML EP to take nodes with inputs that have static shapes.

`EnableOnSubgraphs` can be one of the following values: (`0` by default )

Enable CoreML EP to run on a subgraph in the body of a control flow operator (i.e. a [Loop](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/Operators.md#loop), [Scan](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/Operators.md#scan) or [If](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/Operators.md#if) operator).
- `0`: Disable CoreML EP to run on a subgraph in the body of a control flow operator.
- `1`: Enable CoreML EP to run on a subgraph in the body of a control flow operator.

> `SpecializationStrategy`:  This feature is available since MacOs>=10.15 or IOS>=18.0. This process can affect the model loading time and the prediction latency. Use this option to tailor the specialization strategy for your model. Navigate to [Apple Doc](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml/mloptimizationhints-swift.struct/specializationstrategy-swift.property) for more information. Can be one of the following values: (`Default` by default )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SpecializationStrategy`:  This feature is available since macOS>=10.15 or iOS>=18.0. This process can affect the model loading time and the prediction latency. Use this option to tailor the specialization strategy for your model. Navigate to [Apple Doc](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coreml/mloptimizationhints-swift.struct/specializationstrategy-swift.property) for more information. Can be one of the following values: (`Default` by default )
```

- `Default`:
- `FastPrediction`:

> `ProfileComputePlan`:Profile the Core ML MLComputePlan. This logs the hardware each operator is dispatched to and the estimated execution time. Intended for developer usage but provide useful diagnostic information if performance is not as expected. can be one of the following values: (`0` by default )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ProfileComputePlan`:Profile the Core ML MLComputePlan. This logs the hardware each operator is dispatched to and the estimated execution time. Intended for developer usage but provides useful diagnostic information if performance is not as expected. can be one of the following values: (`0` by default )
```
